my name's Steven Thomas I'm a product
manager here at naviga nabek o is the
largest three electronics manufacturer
in the world today with approximately
1,200 employees worldwide we have
manufacturing research and development
and distribution facilities in the
United States of Mexico New Zealand
Australia the Netherlands and the UK my
name is matthew hunts and i'm a senior
software engineer for navajo we provide
components everything from gauges that
handle display of engine information to
full multifunction devices that show
radar and sonar charting data and even
electronic controls or control all of
the equipment in your boat
all the products that we use that
incorporate QT are considered
multifunction devices that are designed
to control multiple systems on a vessel
primarily you will see charting sonar
but a single device that is intended to
control multiple systems on a boat
probably our greatest challenge in the
last five years has been trying to get
our soccer to run in as many different
platforms as possible because the less
code that we have to rewrite the more
money you save in terms of developer
time and time per market we chose QT and
because it was the most complete
cross-platform toolkit that was
available to us and actually I would
still say it is we felt that it had the
best options for support
and also provided us the ability to do
things like statically linked and
provided as with commercial license as
opposed to a pure LGPL license and of
our software can be open source so we do
not have the option to do anything with
static linking other than a commercial
license it did not take us very long to
get up and running with cute it was
actually a very easy transition we found
that it was fairly easy to learn and to
get started and in terms of productivity
it was certainly faster than it had been
in previous code bases where we were
trying to do all of our own development
all of our own abstractions where we
would end up writing the same GUI code
several times or so
I believe the cute is future-proof you
just an open source product so we have
the source code for everything that
we're using today and we will be able to
maintain and continue to use cute in
products moving forward
however cute happens to have a very
active open-source community and also a
very active development support with
merchants through Digia our goal for the
future is pretty simple we want to
continue to make the best products
available for the marine electronics
industry we want to grow our market
share to need the right tools to do that
we've been very happy that the way cute
is implemented into the products and so
we'll continue to use it